231
Power of Two
https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two
No
0
110
Balanced Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree
No
1
671
Second Minimum Node In a Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/second-minimum-node-in-a-binary-tree
No
2
35
Search Insert Position
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position
No
3
716
Max Stack
https://leetcode.com/problems/max-stack
No
4
299
Bills and Cows
https://leetcode.com/problems/bulls-and-cows
No
5
459
Repeat Sunstring Pattern
https://leetcode.com/problems/repeated-substring-pattern
No
6
198
House Robber
https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber
No
7
367
Valid Perfect Square
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-perfect-square
No
8
643
Maximum Average Subarray I
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-average-subarray-i
No
9
443
String Compression
https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression
No
10
141
Linked List Cycle
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle
Yes
11
112
Path Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum
Yes
12
160
Intersection of Two Linked Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists
Yes
13
205
Isomorphic Strings
https://leetcode.com/problems/isomorphic-strings
Yes
14
88
Merge Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array
Yes
15
234
Palindrome Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list
Yes
16
20
Valid Parentheses
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses
Yes
17
172
Factorial Trailing Zeros
https://leetcode.com/problems/factorial-trailing-zeroes
Yes
18
203
Remove Linked List Elements
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements
Yes
19
219
Contains  Duplicate II
https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii
Yes
20
917
Reverse Only Letters
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-only-letters
Yes
21
108
Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree
No
22
788
Rotated Digits
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotated-digits
Yes
23
122
Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock II
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii
Yes
24
242
Valid Anagram
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram
Yes
25
258
Add Digits
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits
Yes
26
217
Contains Duplicate
https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate
Yes
27
448
Find All Numbers Disappeared In An Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-numbers-disappeared-in-an-array
Yes
28
13
Roman To Integers
https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer
Yes
29
653
Two Sum IV - Input is a BST
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-iv-input-is-a-bst
No
30
733
Flood Fill
https://leetcode.com/problems/flood-fill
No
31
1417
Refortmat The String
https://leetcode.com/problems/reformat-the-string
Yes
32
953
Verifying An Alien Dictionary
https://leetcode.com/problems/verifying-an-alien-dictionary
Yes
33
171
Excel Sheet Column Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-number
No
34
167
Two Sum II - Input array is sorted
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted
No
35
387
First Unique Character in a String
https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string
No
36
107
Binary Tree Level Order Tranversal II
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii
No
37
21
Merge Two Sorted Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists
No
38
383
Ransom Note
https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note
No
39
1013
Partition Array Into Three Parts With Equal Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/partition-array-into-three-parts-with-equal-sum
Yes
40
100
Same Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree
Yes
41
118
Pascal's Triangle
https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle
Yes
42
704
Binary Search
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search
Yes
43
268
Missing Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number
Yes
44
350
Intersection Of Two Arrays II
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays-ii
Yes
45
257
Binary Tree Paths
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-paths
Yes
46
121
Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock
Yes
47
202
Happy Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number
Yes
48
796
Rotate String
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-string
Yes
49
703
Kth Largest Element in a Stream
https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream
No
50
235
Lowest Common Ancestor of A Binary Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree
Yes
51
191
Number Of 1 Bits
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits
Yes
52
232
Implement Queue using Stacks
https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks
No
53
836
Rectangle Overlap 
https://leetcode.com/problems/rectangle-overlap
Yes
54
717
1-bit and 2-bit Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/1-bit-and-2-bit-characters
No
55
543
Diameter of Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree
No
56
541
Reverse String II
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string-ii
No
57
27
Remove Element
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element
Yes
58
1470
Shuffle the Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array
No
60
938
Range Sum of BST
https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-bst
No
61
1304
Find N Unique Integers Sum up to Zero
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-n-unique-integers-sum-up-to-zero
No
62
832
Flipping an Image
https://leetcode.com/problems/flipping-an-image
No
63
905
Sort Array By Parity
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-array-by-parity
No
64
977
Squares of a Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/squares-of-a-sorted-array
No
65
852
Peak Index in a Mountain Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/peak-index-in-a-mountain-array
No
66
557
Reverse Words in a String III
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string-iii
No
67
876
Middle of the Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list
No
68
344
Reverse String
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string
No
69
1122
Relative Sort Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/relative-sort-array
No
70
929
Unique Email Address
https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-email-addresses
No
71
509
Fibonacci Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number
No
72
104
Maximum Depth of Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree
No
73
463
Island Perimeter
https://leetcode.com/problems/island-perimeter
No
74
1114
Print in Order
https://leetcode.com/problems/print-in-order
No
75
136
Single Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number
No
76
1394
Find Lucky Integer in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-lucky-integer-in-an-array
No
77
136
Single Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number
No
78
1394
Find Lucky Integer in and Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-lucky-integer-in-an-array
No
79
226
Invert Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree
No
80
872
Leaf-Similar Trees
https://leetcode.com/problems/leaf-similar-trees
No
81
1185
Day of the Week
https://leetcode.com/problems/day-of-the-week
No
82
784
Letter Case Permutation
https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-case-permutation
No
83
496
Next Greater Element I
https://leetcode.com/problems/next-greater-element-i
No
84
237
Delete Node in a Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-linked-list
Yes
84
884
Uncommon Words from Two Sentences
https://leetcode.com/problems/uncommon-words-from-two-sentences
No
86
669
Trim a Binary Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/trim-a-binary-search-tree
No
87
412
Fizz Buzz
https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz
No
88
349
Intersect of Two Arrays
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays
No
89
206
Reverse Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list
No
90
575
Distribute Candies
https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-candies
No
91
706
Design HashMap
https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashmap
No
92
169
Majority Element
https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element
No
93
283
Move Zeros
https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes
No
94
917
Reverse Only Letters
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-only-letters
No
95
108
Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree
No
96
27
Remove Element
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element
No
98
415
Add Strings
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-strings
Yes
97
70
Climbing Stairs
https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs
Yes
98
101
Symmetric Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree
Yes
99
844
Backspace String Compare
https://leetcode.com/problems/backspace-string-compare
Yes
100
53
Maximum Subarray
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray
No
103
437
Path Sum III
https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum-iii
No
104
1
Two Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum
No
105
83
Remove Duplicates from Sorted List
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list
No
106
26
Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array
No
107
225
Implement Stack using Queues
https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-stack-using-queues
No
108
819
Most Common Word
https://leetcode.com/problems/most-common-word
No
109
38
Count and Say
https://leetcode.com/problems/count-and-say
No
110
303
Range Sum Query - Immutable
https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-query-immutable
No
111
67
Add Binary
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary
No
112
155
Min Stack
https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack
No
113
572
Subtree of Another Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/subtree-of-another-tree
No
114
724
Find Pivot Index
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-pivot-index
No
115
231
Power of Two
https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two
No
116
110
Balanced Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree
No
117
203
Remove Linked List Elements
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements
No
118
219
Contains Duplicate II
https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii
No
119
111
Minimum Depth of Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-depth-of-binary-tree
No
120
290
Word Pattern
https://leetcode.com/problems/word-pattern
Yes
119
680
Valid Palindrome II
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii
Yes
120
125
Valid Palindrome
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome
Yes
121
278
First Bad Version
https://leetcode.com/problems/first-bad-version
Yes
122
14
Longest Common Prefix
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix
Yes
123
28
Implement strStr()
https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr
Yes
124
189
Rotate Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array
Yes
125
69
Sqrt(x)
https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx
Yes
126
532
K-diff Pairs in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/k-diff-pairs-in-an-array
No
129
204
Count Primes
https://leetcode.com/problems/count-primes
Yes
128
176
Second Highest Salary
https://leetcode.com/problems/second-highest-salary
No
131
168
Excel Sheet Column Title
https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-title
No
132
414
Third Maximum Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/third-maximum-number
No
133
7
Reverse Integer
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer
No
134
9
Palindrome Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number
Yes
133
11
Container With Most Water
https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water
No
134
888
Fair Candy Swap
https://leetcode.com/problems/fair-candy-swap
Yes
135
746
Min Cost Climbing Stairs
https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-climbing-stairs
Yes
136
371
Sum of Two Integers
https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-two-integers
Yes
137
326
Power of Three
https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-three
Yes
138
119
Pascal's Triangle II
https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii
Yes
139
66
Plus One
https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one
Yes
140
58
Length of Last Word
https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word
Yes
141
48
Rotate Image
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image
Yes
142
19
Remove Nth Node From End of List
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list
Yes
143
3
Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters
Yes
144
